[CAM-11115]Cloud Academy: create KB section to explain CAM asset sharing across organizations (#2733)
CenturyLinkCloud/PublicKB: Cloud Application Manager/Core Concepts/workspaces-and-collaboration.md

- [Create Workspace flow](#create-workspace-flow)
- [Create Cost Center flow](#create-cost-center-flow)
- [Sharing Boxes, Instances, and Providers](#sharing-boxes-instances-and-providers)

> - [Sharing with people or groups across organizations](#sharing-people-or-groups-organizations)

Reviewer: The anchor will not link

Sharing providers has its benefits. You can give view access to company-approved providers and let users deploy to that particular provider. When teams deploy to a shared provider, you can track org-wide usage and compliance cohesively. Provider accounts can be shared only in the Enterprise Edition.

### Sharing with people or groups across Organizations

#### Sharing team workspaces

> To share a team workspace with other Organizations, you brush up that you are the administrator of an organization or administrator of cost center where is the team workspace or you are the administrator of the team workspaces. In this article, the user is an organization administrator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To share a team workspace with other Organizations, you should be an administrator of the organization, cost center where the team workspace belongs to, or you are the administrator of the team workspaces. In this article, we consider that the user is an organization administrator.
```

> To share a team workspace you have to follow the next steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to share a team workspace across organizations you have to follow the next steps:
```

> 1. Since the organization has the team workspace you want to share, the organization administrator has to send a request to [support](mailto:incident@CenturyLink.com) with the Organizations' data to want to share the team workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If the organization you want to share with is not yet visible in the *Organizations* section of the Workspace settings page, you should send a request to [support](mailto:incident@CenturyLink.com) requesting the organization you want to share with to be federated with your own organization.
```

> 2. After the support team gives you permission to share team workspace, since the team workspace you want to share, in the setting menu:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Once the support team federates the organization you want to share with, it should appear in the workspace settings menu:
```

Sharing providers has its benefits. You can give view access to company-approved providers and let users deploy to that particular provider. When teams deploy to a shared provider, you can track org-wide usage and compliance cohesively. Provider accounts can be shared only in the Enterprise Edition.

### Sharing with people or groups across Organizations

#### Sharing team workspaces

> To share a team workspace with other Organizations, you should be an administrator of the organization, administrator of cost center where is the team workspace belongs to, or you should be the administrator of the team workspaces. In this article, we consider that the user is an organization administrator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To share a team workspace with other Organizations, you should be an administrator of the organization, administrator of cost center where the team workspace belongs to, or you should be the administrator of the team workspaces. In this article, we consider that the user is an organization administrator.
```

  Click Share in the confirmation dialog.

4. Now you can add any user or group from the organization you share with to the **Members** section of the workspace. The users or groups of that organization will appear in the look ahead as any other member of your organization.

  ![Allow a user access to the team workspaces](../../images/core-concepts/allow-user-can-see-team-workspace.png)

  By default, any member is added with the *User* role, but you can change it to the appropriate role. For more information, please refer to [Sharing and collaboration](#workspaces)

  ![Add user with appropiate role](../../images/core-concepts/user-role.png)

  Please, note that every member on the list has the name of the organization they belong to below the member name, along with its email address.

5. Now the user that has been added can see the team workspace and access it with the corresponding role that has been assigned to him in the workspace.

  ![User can see the team workspace](../../images/core-concepts/user-can-see-team-workspace.png)

#### A particular user stop sharing team workspaces

> To stop sharing a team workspace with other Organizations, you should be an administrator of the organization, administrator of cost center where is the team workspace belongs to, or you should be the administrator of the team workspaces. In this article, we consider that the user is an organization administrator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To stop sharing a team workspace with other Organizations, you should be an administrator of the organization, administrator of cost center where the team workspace belongs to, or you should be the administrator of the team workspaces. In this article, we consider that the user is an organization administrator.
```

In order stop sharing a team workspace across organizations you have to follow the next steps:

1. Go to team workspace settings.

2. Remove the user from the member's list.

  ![Remove user](../../images/core-concepts/remove-an-user.png)

  Click **Remove** in the confirmation dialog.

  ![Confirm remove user](../../images/core-concepts/confirm-to-remove-user.png)

3. From then on, the user will not see the team workspace anymore.

  ![The user don't see the team workspaces](../../images/core-concepts/user-not-see-team-workspace.png)

#### Stop sharing team workspaces

> To revoke access of sharing a team workspace with other Organizations, you should be an administrator of the organization, administrator of cost center where the team workspace belongs to, or you should be the administrator of team workspaces. In this article, we consider that  the user is an organization administrator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To revoke access of sharing a team workspace with other Organizations, you should be an administrator of the organization, administrator of cost center where the team workspace belongs to, or you should be the administrator of team workspaces. In this article, we consider that the user is an organization administrator.
```
